I just completed  Bachelor in Computer Engineering in a  college in Nepal with the full scholarship from college. I am currently unemployed. Due to this pandemic(COVID 19) job opportunity in my country is very tough. I have to rely only on my father income after gradated with university degree. My father is a farmer in a rural area in Nepal. He earns around 10000 NRS a month. My mother is a homemaker who keeps assisting my father. This course is therefore too expensive for me to afford. My father is working under a landlord and we owe no land. Besides this I have two other siblings who are in high schools. further, my grandfather remains sick most of the times . A lot of money gets spent in his medical check ups and medicines. So I’m badly in need of this financial aid. I want to take this course as I want to learn. This Course will help me to fit in the competitive job market of my country. It will also help to support my family. It will help perform better in understanding and learning this technology and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I will definitely  complete all assignments on or before time . Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.


My main career goal is to learn day by day. I eagerly want to learn and to advances in my career. Data analytics requires regular learning and improving. Opting this course will help me to learn and study this will help me to learn about data analytics concepts as well as data processing concept and help me to  implement it. It also help me enhance my knowledge. This course will help me in data analytics basic concepts and helps me to get job opportunities in the role of data engineer. From my college days I was interested in data so Data Engineer is like dream job for me. In the  pathetic job  market of Nepal due to COVID-19 pandemic , this coarse will certainly make better than my competitors to get my job and It will certainly help my poor family. Data analytics coarse has exactly the contents which are fruitful to get me job in competitive market of Nepal.   


I could have choosed for a low-interest loan but I would really be unable to spare more amount because I have my parents who are dependent on me and they have lots of loans which they have taken for medication and my living expanses during my studies . Another reason i cannot afford is because of this COVID19 I will not be receiving job immidiately. 